DOC Audit security config change (#66839)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/auditing/output-logfile.asciidoc

[[audit-log-output]]
=== Logfile audit output

The `logfile` audit output is the only output for auditing. It writes data to
the `<clustername>_audit.json` file in the logs directory.

NOTE: If you overwrite the `log4j2.properties` and do not specify appenders for
any of the audit trails, audit events are forwarded to the root appender, which
by default points to the `elasticsearch.log` file.

[discrete]
[[audit-log-entry-format]]
=== Log entry format

The audit events are formatted as JSON documents, and each event is printed on a separate

> line in the `<clustername>_audit.json` file (the entries themselves do not contain the

Reviewer: This is a long sentence, so I suggest breaking it up:
```suggestion
line in the `<clustername>_audit.json` file. The entries themselves do not contain the
```

> end-of-line delimiter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
end-of-line delimiter.
```

The audit event JSON format is somewhat particular, as *most* fields follow a dotted
name syntax, are ordered, and contain non-null string values. This format creates a
structured columnar aspect, similar to a CSV, that can be more easily inspected visually
(compared to an equivalent nested JSON document).

There are however a few attributes that are exceptions to the above format. The `put`,
`delete`, `change`, `create` and `invalidate` attributes, which are only present for
events with the `event.type: "security_config_change"` attribute, contain the *nested JSON*
representation of the security change taking effect. The contents of the security config change

> are hence not splayed as top-level dot-named fields in the audit event document. That's because

Reviewer: Is this a typo?
```suggestion
are hence not displayed as top-level dot-named fields in the audit event document. That's because
```

Author: Not a typo, but I obviously got entangled in the explanation. "Display" seems better, I'll use it.

> the fields are specific to the particular kind of the security change and do not show up in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the fields are specific to the particular kind of security change and do not show up in
```

> any other audit events, and so the benefits of a columnar format are much more limited; the

Reviewer: This is another long sentence, so I recommend breaking it up:
```suggestion
any other audit events. The benefits of a columnar format are therefore much more limited; the
```

space-saving benefits of the nested structure is the favoured trade-off in this case.

When the `request.body` attribute is present (see <<auditing-search-queries>>), it contains a

> string value containing the full HTTP request body, ascaped as per the JSON RFC 4677.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
string value containing the full HTTP request body, escaped as per the JSON RFC 4677.
```
